hello YouTube what's up niggas yeah bye
bye mister quick here today with my
first ever JTAG tutorial today I'm going
to show you how to get free Xbox Live
Arcade content on your JTAG yeah this is
just for JTAG so you drive a JTAG you
can still watch it but not really much
use to you yeah the first thing you have
to do is download the thing in the
description download the link in the
description
it's called MX Freesat XM 360 sorry and
it has its XCX as you see there you
download that put that onto a USB flash
stick plug that into your JTAG and then
obviously launch your XCX and then go
straight into that it takes a little
while to load up so give it a little bit
of time to load up and then you load up
the XCX but uh yet to get the Xbox Live
Arcade content you obviously need to
configure your flash disk or your flash
drive sorry - your Xbox download it with
your retail save it to your flash stick
and then transfer it over to your JTAG
hard drive or if there's any other way
that you can do it then just do it like
that I just do it that way it's quite
easy
so when XM 360 loads up you have to
click rescan all which will scan through
your hard drive and find the arcade
stuff that you have and you see that I
have limbo and Trials HD I unlocked them
earlier that's why the little Locker on
the right the padlocks or the padlock on
the right indicates whether it's locked
or unlocked and yeah you have to you
have to click unlock Xbox Live Arcade
XBLA and now instantly unlock it and
then you can click on the game and it
will load up and you can play the full
game fully unlocked with achievements
and also even if you go back to the
dashboard and then go to your game
library the full game will be there for
you to play yeah so thank you for
watching I hope you enjoyed this
tutorial if you've got any other
tutorials that you would like me to make
for you to do with Jay tags or to do
with anything really any sort of
tutorial just a
for comment below the video and I'll try
to get around to it as soon as possible
peace out my nigga dogs